>> Sarah Drasner: I think it's good
to make motion design language, and
a lot of people when you talk about
motion design, so this is like a fake,
you know idea of what a motion design
language could be that I made,
and I made a GIF of it, it's actually
a codepen demo that you can see.
A lot of people think of
motion design language and
they think Google material design.
Which they're not wrong, Google material
design is a motion design language and
it's a well-documented
motion design language.
Probably one of the most well-documented
motion designed languages out there.
But that doesn't mean that
you should use theirs.
Just like you shouldn't
use their branding.
It works for them if you do though, right?
If you, as someone else on the web
uses google material design, and
someone goes to your site and
they go Google, that's great for
Google, that's not great for you.
That's great for them,
like they see that kind of motion, and
they're like I recognize that,
that's strong branding.
But that's not your branding, so
by having your own opinions about all
of the ways that motion can work and
some does and don'ts,
there are things that you decide, right?
There are things that you decide,
choices that you make.
We always bring things in from the right.
We never use popping eases, we always do.
You know, and it's,
they might be slightly arbitrary but
they might also be in line with some
of the things that you saw earlier like
if I'm using colors that are more vibrant,
maybe I use more bounces and
kind of excited things and
maybe if I use more muted tones.
I only use signed eaves and things that
come in kind of less dramatically.